Feature/docs 2168 api policy enforcement update p.2 (#1090)
wallarm/product-documentation: docs/latest/api-policy-enforcement/setup.md

    --8<-- "../include/api-policies-enforcement/api-policies-violations.md"

    When using the specification for API policy enforcement for the first time, it is recommended to set `Monitor` as a reaction to make sure that the specification is applied to the necessary endpoints and detects real errors.

## Step 3: Configure NGINX nodes

You need additional configuration when using API Policy Enforcement with the NGINX-based Wallarm nodes installed with:

* [All-in-one installer](../installation/nginx/all-in-one.md)
* [Docker image](../admin-en/installation-docker-en.md) - only when you [mount](../admin-en/installation-docker-en.md#run-the-container-mounting-the-configuration-file) your own custom configuration file

> Add the following snippet to the NGINX configuration file, the `server` section:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following snippet must be added in each `server` section where Wallarm module is used. 
```

* [All-in-one installer](../installation/nginx/all-in-one.md)
* [Docker image](../admin-en/installation-docker-en.md) - only when you [mount](../admin-en/installation-docker-en.md#run-the-container-mounting-the-configuration-file) your own custom configuration file

The following snippet must be added in each `server` section where Wallarm module is used. 

```
location ~ ^/wallarm-apifw(.*)$ {
    wallarm_mode off;
    proxy_pass http://127.0.0.1:8088$1;
    error_page 404 431         = @wallarm-apifw-fallback;
    error_page 500 502 503 504 = @wallarm-apifw-fallback;
}
location @wallarm-apifw-fallback {
    wallarm_mode off;
    return 500 "API FW fallback";
}
```

**Disabling**

In some cases that may be necessary to disable the API Policy Enforcement functionality for some parts of your API. This can be done:

* For NGINX [package deployments](../installation/supported-deployment-options.md#packages) including ones via [All-in-One Installer](../installation/nginx/all-in-one.md), for any `server` section where Wallarm module is used by means of the [`wallarm_enable_apifw`](../admin-en/configure-parameters-en.md#wallarm_enable_apifw) NGINX directive set to `off`.

> * For For NGINX-based Docker image, by means of the `WALLARM_APIFW_ENABLE` [environment variable](../admin-en/installation-docker-en.md#run-the-container-passing-the-environment-variables) set to `false`.

Reviewer 2: for for

    proxy_pass http://127.0.0.1:8088$1;
    error_page 404 431         = @wallarm-apifw-fallback;
    error_page 500 502 503 504 = @wallarm-apifw-fallback;
}
location @wallarm-apifw-fallback {
    wallarm_mode off;
    return 500 "API FW fallback";
}
```

**Disabling**

In some cases that may be necessary to disable the API Policy Enforcement functionality for some parts of your API. This can be done:

* For NGINX [package deployments](../installation/supported-deployment-options.md#packages) including ones via [All-in-One Installer](../installation/nginx/all-in-one.md), for any `server` section where Wallarm module is used by means of the [`wallarm_enable_apifw`](../admin-en/configure-parameters-en.md#wallarm_enable_apifw) NGINX directive set to `off`.
* For NGINX-based Docker image, by means of the `WALLARM_APIFW_ENABLE` [environment variable](../admin-en/installation-docker-en.md#run-the-container-passing-the-environment-variables) set to `false`.
* For NGINX Ingress Controller, by means of the [`controller.wallarm.apifirewall`](../admin-en/configure-kubernetes-en.md#controllerwallarmapifirewall) values group with `enable` set to `false`.

!!! info "GRPC is not supported"

>     API Policy Enforcement does not support [GRPC](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GRPC). Thus, if you enabled the functionality in the Wallarm Console and some of your nodes or locations/servers use GRPC, you **must** disable API Policy Enforcement for them as described above.

Reviewer: Related only to: 1) Docker image with custom mounetd configuration 2) AiO. In other words, it's only related to cases when Nginx config is managed manually by end-user.

It is important to mention that in such cases, the way to disable it is to use nginx directive.

For ingress, it's managed automatically.

Author: Fixed

* [All-in-one installer](../installation/nginx/all-in-one.md)

> * [Docker image](../admin-en/installation-docker-en.md) - only when you [mount](../admin-en/installation-docker-en.md#run-the-container-mounting-the-configuration-file) your own custom configuration file

Reviewer 2: re-check. as the config should be mounted not to the wallarm container afaik

Author: Yes, it is mounted to the Wallarm container, NGINX configuration files.

> The following snippet must be added in the NGINX configuration files, in each `server` section where Wallarm module is used. 

Reviewer 2: or where API Policy Enforcement should run?
